we are at the ready heito
islands 300 miles from sure off
of Mexico and we're putting
critter cams on giant manta rays
for the first time
the masses are so friendly that
they just hang out with the
divers so we wouldn't get any
interesting footage because we
just you know get selfies of
ourselves from the man's
perspective and so we actually
had to institute a policy among
our group that once there's a
camera on the animal we get out
of the water so that it will go
do something interesting i
personally think that mantas are
one of if not the most amazing
animals in the ocean they're
incredibly graceful very
intelligent they're coming and
investigating you just as much
as you're investigating them
yeah
every other big animal that
lives in these open ocean
habitats attends to migrate
quite a lot but for mantas what
we're finding is that they're
pretty much staying put
I hope that the intrinsic value
of having mantis swimming around
in our oceans is enough to
convince the public to protect
them but there's also a really
strong argument for protecting
them for economic reasons
I think that having animals like
mantas contributes to the planet
that we live on this is what
makes the oceans while
we're out here putting critter
cams on leopard seals we saw for
the first time on video ever and
act of leftover parasitism